feat: add list of tests when developing a connector (#411)
formancehq/payments: CONTRIBUTING.md

*Mandatory Fields*:

- [ ] **Reference**: PSP payment/transcation unique id
- [ ] **CreatedAt**: Creation date of the payment/transaction
- [ ] **Type**: Payment/Transaction type (PAY-IN, PAYOUT, TRANSFER)
- [ ] **Amount**: Payment/Transaction amount
- [ ] **Asset**: Currency
- [ ] **Scheme**: Should be *models.PAYMENT_SCHEME_OTHER* if you don't know
- [ ] **Status**: Status of the payment/transaction
- [ ] **Raw**: PSP payment/transaction json marshalled

*Optional Fields*:

- [ ] ParentReference: If you're fetching transactions, in case of refunds, dispute etc...
      this reference should be the original payment reference.
- [ ] SourceAccountReference: Reference of the source account
- [ ] DestinationAccountReference: Reference of the destination account
- [ ] Metadata: You can add whatever you want from the payment inside Formance metadata

#### Others Transformation

Other data should be transformed into Formance Other object with:

*Mandatory Fields*:

- [ ] **ID**: Unique id of the PSP object
- [ ] **Other**: PSP Object json marshalled

### Fetching Data via Polling

#### Errors

- [ ] Should return *plugins.ErrNotYetInstalled* if client is nil

> - [ ] Should return *plugins.ErrNotImplemented* if PSP does not have accounts

Reviewer: if PSP does not have accounts? Do you mean if the PSP doesn't have the capability to return the type of data expected for that function?

Author: Ah yes, I changed multiple times the format of the document, before that I was doing per type of data, but it was too much, let me fix that thanks

#### Polling

- [ ] Must fetch all history of PSP accounts
- [ ] Installing with a different pageSize should still fetch all the history
- [ ] Should have a state in order to only fetch new accounts and not the history
      at every polling

> - [ ] After fetch the history, creating a new object on the PSP (account,
>       payment, etc...) should add it to Formance list of related objects
>       after the next polling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Once the connector has caught up to the backlog of historical data, creating a new object on the PSP (account,
      payment, etc...) should add it to Formance list of related objects
      after the next polling
```

#### Transformation

### Fetching Data via Webhooks

#### Webhooks Creation

- [ ] Webhooks should be created on PSP side with the right event types
- [ ] Creating a new object on PSP side should be added to Formance through
      webhooks
- [ ] Webhooks should have signatures if possible
- [ ] Polling should stop after fetching all the history if you use webhooks
      (you can do that by removing the *Periodically: true* when defining the
      connector workflow)

### Creating a Bank Account

#### Errors

- [ ] Should return *plugins.ErrNotYetInstalled* if client is nil
- [ ] Should return *plugins.ErrNotImplemented* if PSP does not handle bank account creation
- [ ] Should validate incoming bank account object and send *models.ErrInvalidRequest* error if needed

#### Bank Account Creation

- [ ] Should create the account on the PSP
- [ ] Should create the related EXTERNAL account object on Formance payments service

### Creating a Transfer/Payout

#### Errors

- [ ] Should return *plugins.ErrNotYetInstalled* if client is nil

> - [ ] Should return *plugins.ErrNotImplemented* if PSP does not handle bank account creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Should return *plugins.ErrNotImplemented* if PSP does not handle transfer/payout creation
```

- [ ] Should validate incoming transfer/payout object and send *models.ErrInvalidRequest* error
      if needed

#### Transfer/Payout Creation

- [ ] Must create the transfer/payout on the PSP
- [ ] If a payment is created, you must return it by using the *Payment* field of
      the response
- [ ] If it creates another entity than a payments, you must use the *PollingTransferID* field
      of the response to poll the entity until a payments is created

> - [ ] Ensure that if the payments succeeds or fails later, the status of the
>       payment initiations changes also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Ensure that if the payment succeeds or fails later, the status of the
      related payment initiation changes also
```
